As an IT student, I have lot of expectations on every course I encounter. Because the courses or subjects we have, engages us and enhances our own thinking and skills. It broadens our knowledge and helps us to efficiently do certain and important tasks or activities that for me is very important. In Information Technology field it requires us to be manageable and knowledgeable when it comes to different technologies and how they work together to form a unified or well-developed system.

As part of my expectations also in this subject “System Integration and Architecture”, I want to explore more and learn more about software, hardware, on the databases, as well as on networks. Those things I've mentioned I know it was tackled before, but for me it is a must to master it all on this subject. I am also expecting to gain different insights and technical knowledge in this where in we'll be able to know how to develop broader perspective on how systems communicate or engage, on how it'll share resources and deliver services in proper way. As part of this, I have also huge expectation that this subject or through system integration and architecture we'll be able to sharpen our problem solving as well as our analytical skills. And, even though we might encounter some compatibility issues and performance concerns I'm still hoping to learn how to overcome it by simply knowing and practicing how to appropriately integrate system. I am expecting that there's a lot of opportunity for us to begin with, opportunity for us to grow with and opportunity for us to learn with through this subject. 
 
Overall, I do believe that system integration and architecture will aspire me or prepare me on a position that I will be in the future. It will shape my thinking and will help me to build and manage different projects, documentation and teamwork. At the end of the semester, I really hope to learn and achieve all of what I expect on this subject. Hoping to understand more the importance of integrating, designing and implementing efficient systems that can possibly contribute to innovative solutions in the future.
